TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[thunder rumbling]
[music playing]
[rustling]
[shell cracks]
[shrieks]
[both yelling]
[all yelling]
[flesh creaks]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Gold and
Silver Rainbow Pearls."
[bird shrieks]
[Takechiyo grunts]
‐ Okay. I guess
this must the place,
the village that Mr. Jyubei
said had demons rampaging in it.
‐ Are you sure the info
came from a reliable source?
‐ If Master Jyubei
says something,
then you should believe him!
‐ Have some Rock Paper Scissor
Gummies as a reward.
‐ [shrieks]
‐ Alright.
Now let's get a move on.
‐ Sounds good.
‐ [chewing]
[chuckles]
[gasps] Wait up!
Don't leave me behind!
‐ Something smells
like it's burning,
but what could it be?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [sniffs]
‐ Hey, look over there.
‐ Hmm?
TOWA: It's a dead cow.
TAKECHIYO:
And it's burnt to a crisp.
SETSUNA: Was it
struck by lightning?
MOROHA: Aw, the poor thing.
But it looks pretty tasty.
[couple gasps]
MAN: Hey, you three there!
If you keep standing out there,
you might get hit!
That cow was a casualty
of a huge fight between
a pair of demon brothers.
‐ So that's
what all this is about,
a good old sibling rivalry
between demons!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Siblings?
MAN: Yeah. Their names
are Kinka and Ginka.
They fight every day,
and the villages here
are in shambles from it.
[thunder rumbling]
[all gasp]
‐ Darling, they've come back!
‐ Run for it!
‐ What does she mean?
‐ The brothers, maybe?
‐ If they're on their way here,
that'll make things
simpler for us.
That bounty's as good as ours!
[thunder rumbling]
[both grunting]
‐ Damn you, Kinka!
Today is the day that I
finally pulverize your head!
‐ Shut up, Ginka!
Go ahead, and try it.
I'll burn a hole
straight through your skull!
‐ Eat this!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [brothers yelling]
‐ Hey, watch it!
SETSUNA: They look the same.
Are they twins?
‐ Enough already!
‐ Who are you?
‐ How dare you try
to stop our battle?
‐ Why are you fighting?
You're siblings, aren't you?
‐ Silence!
‐ It means nothing.
We don't wish
to live as siblings!
‐ Kinka!
Your voice is disgusting!
Now shut your damn mouth!
‐ Ginka! I don't want to look
at your ugly face
for one second longer!
‐ [yelps]
[brothers yelling]
‐ If the two of you
hate each other so much,
then why are you
stuck together like that?
‐ The only way
I'll be rid of him
is by killing him
once and for all!
‐ It's our nature
that this body we share
will belong
to just one of us someday.
Our kind is always born
with two heads for one body.
The stronger twin consumes
the other, weaker counterpart
and finally matures
into a single powerful demon.
‐ It's eat or be eaten!
Except, we've only managed
to injure each other.
‐ Since neither one of us
has been able
to land the killing blow,
our battle
has dragged on until now.
Huh? You're wide open!
TOWA: Looks like
it's not a matter
of those two
getting along or not.
What should we do about them?
‐ Mr. Jyubei did give us
this job after all, so...
I say we slay the idiots
and collect the bounty.
‐ Agreed.
‐ Hmm? Those are‐‐
‐ [roars]
‐ Kinka, wait!
‐ Look below us!
‐ [gasps]
Aren't those Rainbow Pearls,
the fabled treasures
that are said to increase
our Ka Demon Tribe's powers?
‐ You're right. I suggest
we call a temporary truce
until we can claim
those Pearls for ourselves.
‐ Yeah.
MOROHA: OK, what the hell?
Did they just up and leave?
Aww, there goes
my chance to cash in.
‐ Hey, girls! Over here!
‐ Hmm?
‐ Thanks! You really saved us!
I didn't think you'd be able
to chase those demons away.
‐ Please come by
and have dinner with us.
It's the least
we can do to thank you.
‐ No, that's all‐‐
‐ Oh, yeah!
Those measly demons
were no match for us!
Why don't we get going, huh?
All that demon slaying
really gave me an appetite.
TOWA: Thanks for the meal.
MOROHA: Whew!
I'm totally stuffed!
‐ [groans]
‐ [dishes rattle]
‐ Hey, Moroha,
you're being rude to our hosts.
‐ No, that's alright.
I'm happy to hear
the food was to her liking.
‐ What a bother.
‐ [chuckles]
[fire crackling]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Setsuna, what's wro‐‐[gasps]
‐ Anyway, those brothers
were pretty hopeless,
weren't they?
‐ [weapons clash]
‐ I mean, you two are sisters,
and you can get along just fine.
MAN: Please, ladies!
What's happening?!
‐ Hey, what the heck's
gotten into you?!
‐ [both grunting]
‐ Whoa, hang on!
TOWA: Let's take this outside.
SETSUNA: You're so troublesome.
[woman gasps]
‐ Come on, you two!
You mind clueing me in here?
Calm down, both of you!
That's enough already!
[both grunt]
‐ [gasps]
SETSUNA: Why is my body
acting on its own?
‐ What do I do? At this rate,
I might end up hurting Setsuna.
‐ Hey, I said that's enough!
You're both being controlled
by those two demon siblings.
They're inside of you!
‐ So that's it.
No wonder it feels
like I've lost
total control of my body.
‐ Then I'll use
some slayer potion.
[both gasp]
‐ Damn it! My body won't listen.
‐ Towa, no! Don't do it!
‐ [grunting]
‐ [yells]
It's over!
[gasps]
‐ Ucch!
Is that demon slayer poison?
‐ Doesn't matter.
We got what we came for.
‐ You're right.
We should head back for now.
[both grunt]
‐ Alright!
We chased those guys away.
Setsuna!
I knew we were siblings
related by blood,
and this proves it.
‐ Don't misunderstand things.
The slayer potion worked,
is all.
‐ [growls]
‐ Well, anyway,
we need to work
on getting the Rainbow Pearls
they stole from you back,
don't we?
‐ Yeah, we do.
‐ Takechiyo, you here?!
‐ Over here.
Why, what do you need?
‐ We need your help chasing down
those demon brothers.
There's chocolate in it for you.
‐ Really? You got a deal!
Now let's get going! [grunts]
‐ Come on, you two.
[both grunt]
‐ Give me just a second!
[Takechiyo grunts]
‐ Sorry. Thanks for waiting.
Wait! What the hell?!
Yo! Wait for me, you guys!
Don't leave me behind,
damn it! Stop!
‐ I guess they're leaving now.
‐ [sighs]
[music playing]
[both gasp]
‐ [rumbling]
‐ [both wince]
‐ [yelps]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [gasps] Hail to the leader of
the Ka Demon Tribe, Lady Joka!
‐ Lady Joka. We come in the wake
of a great victory,
for we have acquired
Rainbow Pearls,
the treasures said
to double our demon powers.
Tell us, are you pleased
with our efforts?
‐ Good work
recovering those for me.
I'm glad to see you've returned
to my side at long last.
Now I can finally have
my revenge on Sesshomaru.
‐ [gasps] Hail to the leader of
the Ka Demon Tribe, Lady Joka!
‐ Lady Joka. We come in the wake
of a great victory,
for we have acquired
Rainbow Pearls,
the treasures said
to double our demon powers.
Tell us, are you pleased
with our efforts?
‐ Good work
recovering those for me.
I'm glad to see you've returned
to my side at long last.
Now I can finally have
my revenge on Sesshomaru.
[laughs]
In order to do that,
I'll take your demon power
and absorb it into my body
for my own use.
[both gasp]
‐ [yelps]
‐ Ginka!
‐ [gasps] Lady Joka,
what are you doing?
‐ [laughs]
[grunts]
‐ [groans]
What's happening?
[screaming]
‐ But why?!
‐ Did you actually think
that I supported you
as you grew
due to the kind and
generous nature of my heart?
I was only biding my time
while waiting for your powers
to reach maturity
before I harvested them
for myself.
It's time for you
to become part of me,
demon power and all.
‐ [screams]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [gasps] No.
This isn't right.
‐ [laughs]
‐ [groaning]
‐ [shudders]
‐ K‐Kinka, I‐‐
‐ Ginka, your body is meant
to become a part of mine
and no one else's.
She may be the leader
of the Ka Demon Tribe,
but I won't stand by
and allow her
to consume your flesh.
Ginka!
‐ Kinka, please!
Help me, brother!
‐ Hmm? [growls]
‐ I'm coming!
[grunts]
Reach for my hand!
‐ [groans]
I'll deal with you later!
‐ Brother!
‐ [groans]
[yells]
‐ [winces]
MOROHA: Hey, damn it!
Wait for me!
[panting]
[groans]
I can't believe those dummies.
They'll pay for this!
They owe me big time!
[demons yelling]
‐ What is that?
‐ I don't know.
TAKECHIYO:
Whatever it is, it's gigantic!
‐ Ginka!
‐ [gasps]
That look on his face,
it reminds me of when
I was trying to save Setsuna
from that forest fire
all those years ago.
[no audible dialogue]
‐ [groans]
Hmm?
‐ H‐Hang on, brother!
‐ [Joka grunts]
‐ [both groan]
‐ [gasps]
What is this strange feeling?
TOWA: It's okay. Just don't...
SETSUNA: I feel as though
I've experienced
what Kinka and Ginka
are going through myself.
But...
‐ Don't leave me, Sis!
‐ someone tried
to rescue me from a fire.
‐ TOWA: Setsuna!
‐ Who was it?
These flashes,
are they my memories?
And that person,
who could it have been?
Why can't I remember?
[brothers yell]
‐ Don't let go!
‐ I'm trying, Brother!
[both gasp]
[music playing]
‐ Sis, get out of the way!
‐ [gasps]
Oh, no!
‐ Ginka!
[flesh creaks]
‐ Setsuna!
‐ [gasps]
Who was calling
my name back there?
[brothers grunting]
[flesh creaks]
‐ Kinka!
‐ Ginka!
[Takechiyo yelling]
‐ Kinka, are you alright?
‐ Hey! I'm gonna be
watching you from over here,
so you better work hard!
You got that?
‐ [groans]
[gasps] Kinka!
‐ [groaning]
‐ What's going on?
‐ I need to ask you a favor.
I beg you, please help me
save Ginka, my younger brother.
‐ Are you serious?
‐ Hmm?
[laughs]
My sides hurt from laughing.
Is your little brother
really that precious to you?
‐ [screams]
‐ Let him go!
‐ Why should I do that?
One of you is fated to die
sooner or later.
Not long ago, you were
trying to kill him yourself.
What foolish siblings.
You stole those girls' Pearls,
yet now you seek their aid?
You're a disgrace to the tribe!
[Kinka groans]
‐ Hey, that's enough!
You can't just go around
saying things like that!
Let's save Ginka. Come on.
When people talk badly
about siblings,
it really pisses me off.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Before we start,
I have one condition.
If I save him, promise me
you'll return
the Rainbow Pearls to us.
‐ Understood. After all,
what other choice do I have?
‐ Wait.
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Let me go.
‐ Setsuna?
‐ I'll assist you.
‐ Appreciate it.
‐ Setsuna,
you're trying to understand
those siblings' feelings,
aren't you?
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps]
What the hell
do you think you're doing?
‐ Look at your naginata.
‐ [gasps] It's on fire!
‐ My flames
will work against Joka.
Combined with your naginata,
you should be able
to defeat her.
How dare you defy me!
I'll skewer you into oblivion!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [growls]
‐ Ginka!
‐ Eh?
‐ Release my brother!
‐ Get away from me!
‐ [screams]
‐ Eh? [yells]
[gasps]
[screams]
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
[wincing]
‐ Ginka!
I got you.
‐ [groans]
You saved me, Brother.
‐ [growls]
Give me those Rainbow Pearls
this instant!
They belong to me!
[barbs stab]
‐ [screams]
[groans]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I can't believe
you shielded your brother.
How foolish! Eh?
‐ [music playing]
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
‐ Your cruelty ends here.
‐ You meddlesome little brats!
Die!
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
TOWA: Did she get her?
SETSUNA: I'm sorry.
I did the best I could,
but I wasn't able to save
your younger brother.
‐ He did say the only way
we would part from one another
would be after
one of us eventually died.
But I think somehow
when the two of us were born,
we inherently knew...
‐ [gasps]
‐ that when one of us dies,
the other would, too.
And that is the fate
of siblings
who are connected by blood.
[shudders] My brother,
you were the reason
that I continued to live.
Even though
we fought constantly,
we both gave
each other's life meaning.
[sentimental music playing]
[both gasp]
[heart beats]
‐ We got what we came here for.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Let's go.
‐ Hey, wait up.
‐ [grunts]
‐ Setsuna,
did you by any chance
remember something?
[gasps]
‐ I finally caught up to you.
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Man! You guys are mean!
I can't believe you'd just up
and leave me behind like that!
[groans] Eh?
[panting]
Hang on.
Where'd those demons go?
‐ You're looking
at what's left of 'em.
‐ [groans]
I knew it. Come on, guys.
We can't collect our bounty
if they're cremated, damn it!
[gasping]
‐ What are you doing, Moroha?
‐ [whimpers] I thought
I could bring some
of the ashes back for proof.
[wind blowing]
[moans]
Wait! Don't go! Come back!
[music playing]
TOWA: Setsuna, your memories,
they're still...
[Japanese music playing]
‐ Let go of me, Chiyo!
I have to go
and avenge Ma and Pa!
TOWA: There's a terrible pond
that devours any person, beast,
or bird that gets too close.
We set out to slay the demon
and meet the siblings Hikomaru
and Chiyo along the way.
MOROHA: That's the one
I saw yesterday.
I'm gonna send you
to the afterlife
with my Kurikaramaru!
DEMON: You annoying little brat!
Die!
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"Curse of the Man‐Eating Pond"
POND: How dare you threaten
the resident of this pond?